Sorry? Are you available now to talk? Yeah, maybe a few minutes. I'm getting a call, I think, at quarter past the hour, which is about 20 minutes. Alright, I'll be very quick.

No problem. You remember I once told you that, you know, I'm now working with FMCG companies in Mauritius? Yes. By the way, the job which I was doing at that research company, I already left that job, so I'm on my own now, I'm running my own business.

That's good. You know, I'm working with several clients in Mauritius, especially the ones, the distributors for FMCG products. Now, one of them, they are not my client yet, but we've had several meetings, because basically what I do is I provide them with staffing for the events, most of my clients.

Now, potentially, this client could be one of my, I mean, this company could be one of my potential clients, but providing staffing to them. But the thing is, they're already working with another agency, providing staffing with them. You know, when I mean staffing, it means that staffing for their events, for their products, where they have to demonstrate their visibility in different supermarkets, et cetera, et cetera.

Now, it's been long we've been discussing about, but lately, what I did, I was like, let me try something else. I sent them a message, responsibly in Mauritius, and I was like, why don't you go with market research? Okay, market research, where you will have, let's say, you know, everything, your information about your products, in terms of how the country will respond to your products, if they are top of their mind, if they are, you know, if their brands, they are very careful being across Mauritius. And this idea sounds interesting to them.

Now, the company in Mauritius is Nestle. Okay. Nestle.

So, basically, Nestle South Africa is the one that controls the operation in Mauritius. Okay. Now, if we are going to do business with Nestle Mauritius, it means we are going to do business with Nestle South Africa.

Now, what I wanted to do is, of course, I wanted to just have a little presentation of what we can offer in terms of market research. Now, what I understand is, the last time we spoke, here in Mauritius, I can provide people to collect data. Okay.

So, I can train these people to collect data by different means, let's say, by telephone or on the field or from customers. But what I need to teach them, very important, is how we will process the data and what sort of technology or dashboard they will have. Because I want to, I want to, I want to provide them a tracker.

Okay. A tracker. So, like a tracker report every three or four months.

So, they have their data published in a report, like an interactive report, where they can find, you know, all the important stuff. So, that's why I wanted to have a call with you. Maybe if we can, you know, very quickly work on the operator, because this Thursday, due to this time, I'm doing everything with that.

No problem. I have understood very well the ask. And I can work on a deck, the first one, and then we can have a chat.

What I only need from you is send me your company's preferred slides, like if you have any logo and all that, the company's collateral, the company's assets, so that I can start to use those things within that presentation. I have, from the last time we have talked up until now, I have gained, of course, a lot of knowledge and traction. And with my modelling work, there's a lot that I know now.

So, it's timely that you are reaching out to me about that. I'm happy to work on those. So, if you want, the only favour I need from you, send me the templates for, that you want us to put those presentations in, send it to me, to my Gmail.

And then, in that, just at a high level, just highlight what you want, what you are telling me now. Just highlight at a high level. But I've noted everything that you have said, and we are able to win this one.

I'm able to work out something very interesting as well. All right. Great.

Can we, I mean, I don't know if we should mention to the client. Should we mention about how we, the platform we are going to use to collect the data? I know it's just this one platform. Let's say, like, the researchers here, let's say that my people here will go with participants.

And then, let's say, from the smartphone, they will collect the data. Okay? Maybe, like, for a questionnaire, or for whatever things that they want to do. So, maybe we, do you think we should mention which platform we are going to use in our presentation? Or, can we, like, do something where, let's say, we are going to just collect the data, and the most important thing is we are going to have an interactive dashboard.

I think let's be open about the platforms that we use to collect data, so that we show that we do have the flexibility. Depending on what type of data we want to collect, we can pivot to whatever is needed. All right.

Yeah. All right then. Okay.

Okay. So, let me just, just give me your email again, Ernest. No problem.

I'm sending you on WhatsApp. All right then. Thank you.

Thank you. Do you think, by tomorrow, I can ask something from you? Yeah, of course. Yes.

Okay then. Okay. Cool.

All right. All right. Bye-bye.

Cheers. All right. What's your name? My name is Leo.

